i'm writing a little sophmore story says
ods he might post it somewhere when he's
finished
may writes in we've replaced christmas
with a different celebration
based upon socrates contribution to
society
and any other important contributions
that make much more sense to take
lessons from
than religious stories yeah what is
sagmas this
this is socrates it's an illustration
made by odis's sister
apparently another viewer of the channel
writes in and says that he did sacmus a
week ago
for some ideas quote i read the clouds
by aristophanes aloud
made greek food this is vegan greek food
i suppose which is always a creative
challenge
made sock puppets ah nice play on words
there
socrates puppets but also sock puppets a
theater board and wrote a play
my girlfriend i performed at the play
for some friends and family we did all
this a week ago because my girlfriend
had traveled this weekend
so i wrote back to these people
appreciatively i've had quite a few
other people send me private messages
just
wishing me a happy sock mess and saying
that they're taking the idea in
one direction or another so what is sock
mess
well sockamus is a made-up holiday
unlike other holidays that nobody
ever made up presents are part of it
odia says
expectations are there for them anyway
my sister enjoyed the judimo the play on
words
socmus and thus we gave each other socks
along with other presents so yeah you
might have noticed at the
bottom of that illustration there's a
big pile of novelty
socks we tell stories like isil's fables
that i'm yet to translate into german
yeah the very first sock mess was kicked
off with a
set of stories that i illustrated myself
very rapidly i did all the illustrations
in one sitting whereas writing the poems
took
rather more time and for years now i've
been trying to get an illustrator
to proceed to publishing that as a
proper book but yeah it's a cycle of
stories
and coincidentally or not i have a
series of hand puppets
so that i can perform each of these
stories the stories are variously called
socrates and the fox
socrates of the pig sovereignties in the
raccoon so on and so forth
but yeah the very first sock mess was
inaugurated with this set of fables
that gave people a sense of the spirit
and purpose of inventing the holiday
so odis says we tell stories like isil's
fables
and think about how to live our lives
and a friend and i read a socratic
dialogue by plato and discuss it yeah
definitely a good use of vacation
my daughter's too young for that sort of
thing but sure actually
teaching people about reflecting on both
the good and the bad
of the uh the history and legacy of
socrates i may spend sockmess myself
reading this book nemesis
which is examining the political legacy
of socrates
he says i guess we could draw as well
that would make it more creative
sisyphus replies oh neat presents socks
stories and reading
the equivalent of like a bible study but
with a rich text well the point is
ultimately to challenge tradition
and replace the role that biblical
concepts and stories
have in our lives to replace the
religious customs that atheists
criticize but
very rarely make the effort to in a
creative way
render obsolete may got a question of to
what extent the whole family
participates in sacmas and the reply is
that
they're still doing christmas but
they're supportive at least
for me it has been a long time since i
celebrated sock mess
just because it has been such a long
time since i've seen my daughter this is
the end of 2020
i now haven't been in the same room with
her for fully
two years and yeah if it makes you feel
any better
i've got a team of lawyers on the case
right now there is some
plausible hope that my divorce and child
custody situation will
rapidly improve in the next few months
hope is a difficult thing to have in
moderation you should have neither too
much
nor too little in this case